feat: Support setting TLS certificate lifetimes (#598)
stackabletech/hbase-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Lifetime of auto generated certificates is configurable with the `requestedSecretLifetime` role group property ([#598])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The lifetime of auto generated TLS certificates is now configurable with the role and roleGroup config property `requestedSecretLifetime` ([#598])
```

> - The lifetime of auto generated TLS certificates is now configurable with the role and roleGroup config property `requestedSecretLifetime` ([#598])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The lifetime of auto generated TLS certificates is now configurable with the role and roleGroup
  config property `requestedSecretLifetime`. This helps reducing frequent Pod restarts ([#598]).
```
